DO NOT MERGE: EDU-1180 Multi-region Namespace Epic (#2856)
temporalio/documentation: docs/glossary.md

_Tags: [term](/tags/term), [explanation](/tags/explanation)_

#### [Multi-region Namespace](/cloud/multi-region)

A multi-region Namespace (MRN) is a [Temporal Cloud](#temporal-cloud) Namespace that is configured to work across an active [region](/cloud/service-availability#regions) and a standby region.
Each region corresponds to a dedicated Temporal Cloud Service. 
Temporal Cloud automatically replicates Workflow Executions and metadata from the active to the standby region.

> MRNs are designed to respond to service issues that may arise.

Author: ```suggestion
MRNs are designed to respond to service issues as they arise.
```
